Dungeons

	Enemies’ damage and health have been increased for all Heroic and Mythic dungeons, and the item levels of gear found in Legion Dungeons has been increased.
	All Random Heroic dungeons now requires 825 item level to queue.
	Lower Karazhan and Upper Karazhan have been added to the Random Legion Heroic list in Dungeon Finder.
	The Arcway and Court of Stars have been added to the Random Legion Heroic list in Dungeon Finder.

Mythic Keystone Dungeons
	Added 60 seconds to the Black Rook Hold timer.
	Killing Cove Seagulls should now add Enemy Forces credit.

	New Affix:  Bursting (level 4)
		When slain, non-boss enemies explode, causing all players to suffer 10% of their maximum health in damage over 4 seconds. This effect stacks.

	New Affix:  Explosive (level 7)
		Creatures have a chance to summon an Explosive Orb at a nearby location that will explode, inflicting damage of 50% of the player’s maximum health.
	New Affix:  Quaking (level 7)
	
		Periodically, players will Quake, inflicting damage of 20% of the player’s maximum health and interrupting spell casts of themselves and nearby allies.
	New Affix:  Grievous (level 7)
		While below 90% health, players are afflicted with Grievous Wound.

	The Overflowing affix has been removed.
	The  Bolstering affix range has been reduced to 30 yards (was 45 yards).
		Developers’ notes: The intent of this change is to allow players more opportunities for crowd control.

	Necrotic Rot will now expire after leaving combat. Duration reduced to 8 seconds (was 10 seconds).
		Developers’ notes: This should eliminate the situation where players were waiting for Necrotic to fall off after killing enemies, and it should give tanks more opportunities for resets while in combat.
	Skittish threat reduction has been lowered to 75% (was 80%).
	Fortified damage bonus lowered to 30% (was 40%).
	Tyrannical damage bonus lowered to 15% (was 20%).
	Sanguine radius increased to 8 yards.

Mythic Keystones can now direct you to Lower Karazhan, Upper Karazhan, and the Cathedral of Eternal Night.

Artifact Power rewards for Mythic Keystone dungeons have been adjusted:
	Longer dungeons, such as Halls of Valor, now award a proportionately higher amount of Artifact Power.
	Shorter dungeons, such as Maw of Souls, now award a proportionately lower amount of Artifact Power.
	Artifact Power bonuses have been added to your weekly chest rewards. These increase based on the highest level Mythic Keystone you completed.